# Elite Dangerous Ledger #

The Elite Dangerous Ledger is a simple program that I create to go through the player journal files and keep track of all financial transactions. 

### Why did I write this program ###

You might be wondering why I would even need this program when the game keeps track of this for you all ready.  Well, I started playing Elite Dangerous back in 2021, and at the time, like most new players, I didn't quite know how I wanted to play the game. So, I did as most new players do, I started playing and then found out that I really wanted to buy those larger and more interesting ships but I didn't have the funds to buy them. Thus I started down the path of how to make money..and lots of it. Road to Riches, Mining, etc.  Anyway that I could make enough money to buy the next ship.  Fast forward to late 2023 - early 2024, I found myself wanting to do more role playing in the game. The style of role play that I was interested in would be that of the hard on their luck, scraping by on what little funds that they could make from the odd jobs type of commander. Think Captain Malcolm Reynolds from FireFly or Han Solo from Star Wars.  But I was kinda in a hard place.  My account had well over 2 billion in credits, so attempting to role play this style of commander was going to be hard when I could just go buy anything I want. So I was left with two options. First option was to clear out my save character and start over. I didn't want to clear the account quite yet because I wasn't sure if I wanted to actually continue to play this style and deleting my current account seemed like quite the nuclear option. The second option, was there anyway that I could just erase my bank account, while keeping my commander, the ships and all of my discoveries? Could I essentially play like I hit the hard times and lost all of my money, and was left with just one ship to rebuild my life with? In order to do this, I would need some way to keep a separate role play balance independent of my in game balance. And thus Elite Dangerous Ledger was created.  It would allow my to process all financial transactions that happen in the game through the player journal files, and keep track of my current balance and income/expenses that I incur. 

So I built the first edition of the program over a long weekend and "reset" my account balance from then on.
